#summary The project outline to make the documentation more structured.
= What is the cfeditor? =
cfeditor stays for configuration editor and is designed for the cfengine version 3 Configuration Management Engine. More about cfengine: http://www.cfengine.org.
It is implemented as Eclipse plugin. More about Eclipse platform: http://http://www.eclipse.org

Using the cfeditor, system administrators can create the structured projects, check the cfengine syntax, use the Version Control system to manage the project changes, and others...

= Why do we need it?=
To provide the [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Integrated_development_environment Integrated development environment (IDE)] for System Administrators (primary for the Linux System Administrators) to create the projects, based on the cfengine Configuration Management Engine.

The main purpose is to reduce the gap between software development and the system administration, and provide the useful interface to the system configuration engine, by using the rich Eclipse platform functionality.

Can be useful for the system administrators, which are newcomers to the cfengine (current version 3) language syntax. And also to provide the way to make a system administration tasks structure similar to the software development projects.

= Documentation Structure =

== [Requirements] ==
== [http://code.google.com/a/eclipselabs.org/p/cfeditor/issues/list Issues] == 
== [http://code.google.com/a/eclipselabs.org/p/cfeditor/source/checkout Source code] ==